Change suggestions for welcome section (#40)
oskariorg/oskari-documentation: 1 Introduction/00010-Welcome.md

 **The sample application of Oskari's frontend** is a Single Page Application (SPA) that uses the modules from oskari-frontend for creating an Oskari-based application. It is a template repository that can be used to quickly start working on a customized application frontend and can be found [here](https://github.com/oskariorg/sample-application)

The template (sample) repositories are meant to be used as starting points for creating an Oskari-based service with your own selection of functionalities, data, users, layout, colors and other customizations. These can also be used to add new service specific functionalities without forking the Oskari codebase.

See also **the unofficial Oskari bundles created by the Oskari community** [here](https://github.com/oskariorg/oskari-frontend-contrib)

> Aside of the frontend and backend, Oskari requires a PostgreSQL/PostGIS database. The schema of database has been documented here. (A mention of spatial data infrastucture in general?). For caching purposes and messaging in clustered environments Oskari uses Redis.

Author: ```suggestion
Aside of the frontend and backend, Oskari requires a PostgreSQL/PostGIS database. For caching purposes and messaging in clustered environments Oskari uses Redis. Oskari is built for featuring benefits of a spatial data infrastucture and uses data from standard OGC-services.
```
